# IoT-based-Pet-Fish-Farming-Management-System
In this system I used microcontroller-based fish farming pond maintained using the sensors. The PH sensor used for measuring the water quality of fish tank. Also, water level sensor used for  identifying the water level of fish tank. Furthermore, I used automated food feeding system for  this, then farmer no need to warry about feeding the fish. There is automated food feeding system  already in the market, but that small device may be not appropriate the outdoor fish farming tanks. When it comes to fish farming, a lot of fish are in one tank, but only a limited number of fish can  be caught in one tank. The temperature sensor monitors the temperature in the tank and controls  the temperature in the tank with a heater. We also used a turbulence sensor to measure Turbulence  rate or opacity, Arduino gravitational perturbation the sensor senses the quality of the water. The  system also adds an image processing-based population management feature as the farmer loses  time for his other work while visiting each tank. The images were taken by attaching a camera to  the selected locations. Another problem for farmers is the removal of water from these tanks and  refilling. It is now done by manually. This includes a feature that automatically removes stale water  and fills it with fresh water if the pH of the water changes adversely. It is also expected to be  refilled not only when the pH changes, we can schedule this process as what farmer wants. E.g. farmer wants to change water every two days. The microcontroller is used to control the entire  circuit of the system. 
